# hello-world
Here goes nothing
After 14 years with a career in Army Aviation specifically the AH-64 Apache Attack Helicopter I grew bored with it.  I will now begin my jouney to become ultimately a developer of emerging technologies involving A.I. based information security.  Mostly interested in the trend of reliance on home, transportation, comunication and corporate "smart" automation.  Given that the majority of the population does not realize that all hardware involved is essentially not "smart" at all and the software that is the brains typically is not only volurnable but can quickly and easily become non effective in performing it's intended purpose.  Since I was a child when computers and the internet were not yet existant in society I have grown up knowing and learning the principles of it all from inception I am not only intrigued by how far it has come but also that it has no bounderies.  I fear that the "plug and play" and "set it and forget it" concepts are and will not be capable of keeping up with the security, privacy and overall reliability that is required without automation on an Artifical Intelligence level.  It will be imperitive that our community as the people who are interested in and understand all of this being the quite small community of programers, code writers, ethical hackers and "geeks" we are that carry this knowledge and follow/advance it ensure that the greater population as a whole have powerful, efective, growing, learning and self adapting "babysiters" that we create.  I consider myself a toddler in this group and I hope to and very much look forward to becoming a productive and effective member if you all will have me.  The knowledge and ability so many of you carry already is and always will be incredibly helpful and and appreciated ANYTIME you wish to share it. Godspeed all.
